It was just a misunderstanding.
It's not a lie, it was a bit more than a... you're fine.
Well, it looks like you need to start looking for a new job.
Guys, it's time we start hiring new staff at the hotel.
Come on.
Greetings new hires.
You have been offered the privilege of looking for the Anderson Imperial Hotel, managed by the illustrious Anderson family.
Now we have guests coming in from all over the world, famous celebrities, wealthy entrepreneurs, and of course politicians.
So keep your eyes, ears, and hands in check where they won't be consequences.
Let's get back to work.
We have jobs at the front desk, and we have cleaning jobs.
Emily, you have an attractive looking face.
I think we'll put you behind the front desk.
Actually, sir, I just wanted to say that I worked at the front desk at my previous hotel job, so I believe I would be better suited there.
And I think that Emily would be better at cleaning floors than I am.
Very well, probably we'll put you behind the front desk.
Emily, you'll be on the fourth floor cleaning corridor, and Susan, you can help her.
Now, chop chop, let's get to it.
Anderson Imperial.
Yes sir, in regards to the bidding, just a moment.
Yes, about the Santa Monica Mall project.
The offer coming from Mr. Anderson himself.
Excuse me, just... excuse me, let me call you back.
You.
I didn't hear anything.
I'll see you then. Come with me.